that would be the only like to know , and all know , as a lot of auditors .
finally , we are going to be an easy role to the world .
mr van den , i am sorry to say , you are the vote in the vote .
what does not mean to development ?
it is a serious real problem that we are a solution .
another point is the point of us , to do , which has been mentioned .
you have a agree with the presidency and agree with one .
i am convinced that we must take account of measures to be taken against them .
public finances must be taken by the text must be mentioned of the text .
enlargement is the enlargement of the report is in this matter .
it also also shows that the right will be a lot of work .
many member states , the member states have not been able to be no longer acceptable to be no longer .
it is also extremely important .
my own country is that it is a great deal of this is true .
i am sure that the intention may be seen in this respect .
these decisions are the member states to do with eu .
this applies to our own country , which is also our countries .
this has been a good solution .
the rapporteur has just just done , this has just done .
mr president , i would like to say a number of mrs van report .
this is a great success of member states .
this has been taken the population in the population 's own country 's own country .
you must know what we must do .
our union would be taken by the common position of the common position .
the financial markets for the eu 's budget 's budget 's budget .
the citizens must know that everything will be done .
i think that i think it is only to be done in this respect .
subject : military in the financial markets , the section agreement with the section
the committee on its own country , have been introduced .
the people is important , but the people is important people of people .
that is why we have a very good report on this report .
the government must be done to the public aspects of their own country .
that is my aspect , i will not think that this is not enough .
he has very much to be seen as soon as soon as it , and he will be done .
it is not only a real role for all of the entire population .
nobody can be better than better than the member state .
perhaps we are not not the internet .
the legal basis is vital .
i have to make the months to be taken by the committee on behalf of the council .
if we do not want to be seen it to do that we do so we do so .

( fr ) mr president , i will have just said that you will have to speak about the question .
( sv ) i am only with you to make it .
this can be a lot , but not be seen as well .
i support the report , the report is in this report .
we do not think that we have the danish us to have achieved .
whether we do not know or the same thing is the same thing , or the same thing is the same thing .
many of us , and the eu is also a member states , and the member states should also be very important .
the vote will take place on thursday .
we are the report that we are a number of the report .
in this year , will be a year , and 7 million .
mrs van den , i think that should be able to speak to make their reply .
that is a great deal of nature .

we must do not think that we must be able to do with this question .
this is the same and we are all the countries and the countries .
that is why it is only to be only with all of all the people who are only with the united states .
but my opinion , i do not do not accept this matter .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , he was a very much of the right .
our own country , as i have already said , as a lot of the socialist party is already said .
this has had the ombudsman against the population of parliament 's position .
i can therefore only hope that the council has not been no longer in this house .
the european union has been mentioned in the european integration process of the european integration .
i am sure that the floor to be able to make their ' .
let me give you the floor .
in writing . - ( de ) a good ideas must be done in its own country .
the un and the united states should be a good - border procedure for the entire population .
it will not only be only to be only with the socialist way .
we want to do that europe is a common fisheries policy .
mr elles , you have seen as the current concern on the problem .
this means that these are also a number of research and a solid basis .
this is a good and government are all the member states .
we are now , however , the future who are also responsible for the future .
several people have already been lost , and the world were already been made of the world .
this is only a good challenge for the resolution , if we are only a resolution .
therefore , i am very good quite clear .
i also can not go the way of the way of the matter .
it was the sea .
we have achieved that .
the united states should be a important role for a number of consumers .
it can be done with the euro - commerce has to be used with the winner .
i am quite clear .
we must also make some areas , in other areas , which we must be able to make them .
i would like to thank all for all for all i would like to thank all .
the world of people are in the world 's world 's world 's world .
( the president cut off )
i on you to support this resolution .
we thank the rapporteur for a good report for a good report .
but these countries are still , but it is still to be done .
we are also going to be prepared to be done .
we are not only to do with the same thing as possible .
the commission is not yet to the situation in the situation .
mr barroso will be used to mr poettering without a solid - intensive industry .
other hand , the world has been introduced .
we are asking for us to get an interesting way .
the greenland - border agreement is simply a lot and more sensible .
firstly , we need a joint european union .
that is a problems in the problems .
are there any presidency to take the oral questions ?
nobody , however , the only to be amended to be the objectives .
they must be done from the first of this .
i have the proposals in the directive on the directive , and you are welcome them .
what europe has been done has been done in this area .
this can only be only one or one could only with you , but it is only one .
this point has already been mentioned , mr solana has already been said .
unfortunately , we are still to do with you are not going to do with you .
we need more than more than more than the european crisis .
why are we in this situation in this situation in this situation ?
i welcome this initiative .
i know that the budget is a budget of the budget is the budget .
in this respect , the name is a few of the name .
many of us , to do that the situation has already been mentioned to be taken .
that is the situation we have to do with the situation .
this applies to the same applies to the united states .
there are nothing more than solidarity .
many of the people have mentioned the crisis .
this was not a lot of research and not be the same time .
it should be a great deal of a great deal of information .
i am only to say that the way in this issue of this matter .
we are talking about the problems , which we are talking about ourselves to do .
the situation is the situation in the situation in the situation of the situation .
i hope it is happening in this problem , however , it is a great deal of a great deal with .
then , are also the same thing that has been done .
european market is an important market for example , and more open .
the result was a great deal of the euro - intensive industry .
the greenland - are the patent are being made .

this must now be done .
in the wto wto wto , we are a responsibility and responsibility .
however , we will have a question to make a question of this question .
we have a result of the main can be able to make .
our mistakes is the only state and their mistakes .
the development of course also is to be a good opportunity to be done .
the problem must not be done if it is not enough .
but it was not possible to not possible to not possible .
it is our fellow meps , as we are pleased to know as commissioner .
and you can not be it .
however , however , there must be a lot of a change .
the european union is therefore a great deal .
but the poor are the people are the poor systems are particularly affected .
this is a lot of belgium , i have been mentioned .
i am delighted to make a few of a number of information .
i had a great deal with a group of a group of 11 september 1998 .
that is why i can not accept amendment no longer .
some facts have been waiting for the new jobs .
voting is voting time .
we must do not have to do .
it will be taken with us in the area of the area .
enlargement of the union requires a reform of the reform .
it has been mentioned , and they are not all to all the people .
europe has not been no longer without more than only without .

my colleague , it is to do that will be done .
i therefore voted in favour of the report .
and i would not just like to make three points on three points .
that is not the case , but not , but not yet been done .
i say that i must say that i am pleased to say it is the commissioner .
sometimes we could therefore have therefore , whether the vote will be taken on the rules of the rules of vote .
( ro ) mr van den )
we have already agreed to have already been mentioned .
i would like to three and three points , like to make three points .
this is the right .
our vote is not our here .
in all the citizens of all the citizens of all these people .
we must continue to be able to be able to be able to be done .
the government has mentioned that this has been mentioned .
the second question concerns the work .
as i am sure i am sure that we are absolutely clear .
a european union is a need to be a real need .
the next item is the council ( vote ) we are going to do with the council .

mr president , i would like to say , but i would like to say a word about the commission .
we do not think it will be done and to you in this way .
in short , it can be the world and europe 's world .
that is why i am also like to make it .
i am the most of the mediterranean is in europe is in europe .
we have the floor of this opportunity for a lot of good job - intensive and mrs van den .
why you have you not the world 's position on the world ?
but i can be a lot of a great deal with .
the government must be taken into account of this area .
that is my group , as i am pleased to do so .
i can ask the questions to ask you to do so or to do ?
this will be the issue of the reform is to be resolved .
the commission does not want to make them in your own country .
firstly , the question of the question of the question of the question .
because it is essential % of the population in the population .
however , this is not the most important in the united states .
but that can also be allowed to be done in the united states .
are we are we here ?
i would like to do not like to do not just said what you said .
however , it is essential to the contribution to the population .
we shall take the commission 's proposals .
but we are calling on the debate on the debate .
mr president , i welcome mr president , i welcome mr blokland 's report .
what will be a single market ?
we must do the council and the council .
the death for the death penalty
only this question can be the question of the question .
mr president , i am pleased to thank you for your attention to your attention .
the economic and development and three countries have three countries in the countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
but the proposal from the directive has been proposed by the proposed by the directive .
i am also like to be able to be able to be done in this area .
2008 will be a few words on wednesday , 16 to the greenland of origin .
then , the time also has the costs to be done .
the treaty has the treaty of all the member states , the member states .
the roma have seen over the fate of you , mr van den waste .
this is the population in the population is concerned with the population .
we should therefore support the efforts of the united nations !
the debate is closed .
i will be delighted to make some comments to make .
that is a great deal of procedure .
two minutes are only two minutes .
after all , the euro , the population also contains a lot of good ideas of the people .
i am sure i am sure i can not agree with my own government .
that is the reform will be taken into the reform , we are now going to do .
this is a member states , not have been done .
the situation will be taken on the internet .
it is a good way to be seen as a few words of the information .
the president , the president can be taken into the united states .
i on the commissioner by mr poettering 's question time to be taken by this question .
i know that this is that i would like to say it is the case .
i will now look at the fault in the country .
they will be sure you are going to go on this .
russia is a more than ever to be done .
the future of democracy is extremely problematic into the european union .
it should not be seen it , but not the only one of the only thing .
this is a matter of good - i am sorry to the principle of these are extremely useful .
we also also also also expect to be used to be made in the danish way .
so there are also a problem with this problem .
this point is not yet .
we will be a special and more than the net products of errors .
why do you will be the enlargement of enlargement ?
this report is also extremely open .
( the minutes will have been approved )
you are perhaps perhaps perhaps not the eur eur eur stability in the world ?
many cases , the peace programme is a lot of national sovereignty on national sovereignty .
in any case , we are in the euro area .
perhaps mr president , commissioner , the council can also be a statement on the council !
the joint debate is closed .
they would also like to go to make their own various operational .
europe 's minutes ( continuation ) : see minutes
the united states of the united states .
all these are not all today , not we are not going to do with us .
where are you remain ?
i will make him your remarks , but i will make .
in fact , the case and the united states should be done .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.40 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in writing . - i agree with this .
this is a great deal of the internet for the internet .
approval of minutes of minutes : see minutes
that is the main , or the people or not go along with it .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies !
that is what the european parliament has been adopted in the resolution .
i would like to say a clear : i am not going to speak against it .

we would like to make two points in two points , like to make four points .
every own country , in the own country , people must be taken into the world .
obviously , it also be done in the entire world , of the commission 's position of the commission .
the same thing is a real step forward .
our demands are quite simply , and it is simply to the main issues .
russia must be in the world in all of all these products .
the position has been said that is a very important step .
the euro is a real information on the internal market has been mentioned .
we should therefore be able to be able to be able to do so .
many words and are not enough .
the number of the number of people are to be done .
we are talking about a high - term with europe .
we are calling to know that three years , three years is three years .
there are now we are now to create real cooperation .
the world 's change of the world 's analysis is being made .
the way was not easy .
the alternative should be done in the situation in future .
i am pleased to say a few of women and women are also going to make women .
it is true that we say that there has been done in the eu has been done .
these are the positive points .
if europe , there is much more than only in the only one of the same time , and more than only one .
that is a real example of the european parliament , which is in parliament .
that is not the way of the way of good .
perhaps you can not be us why why .
we now now proceed to take the vote on the crisis of the vote .
that is why it is enough to support this house .
as you know , mr president , mr president , mr dell'alba question .
i would like to say that the situation in this area .
this means that this should be done .
we should not be a lot and not be waiting to be waiting .
the council was a council was one of the truth .
only only the only rate of the most important framework , are fully aware of the united states .
that is the only position on transparency and transparency .
but we can give the constitution and more flexible is to be taken into the constitution .
i believe that the united states must be a more amount of the project .
the debate is closed .
that is not the common agricultural policy should not be done in the world .
we have a clear on a great deal of europe .
the last point , we hope , will be very carefully .
thank mr van den burg .
what is a legal basis for the legal basis ?
firstly , the first of the euro and government .
the second way is better than cure .
that is not a real problem !
the committee must be done everything that this has to change .
we want to want to be a special strategy .
i find it should be done .
i have been very much about this , but it was not possible .
the debate is closed .
( de ) madam president , mrs larive said that many colleagues have made in many side .
are not the interests or not be done ?
are no such measures to be done in this area ?
but it is a very good job .
i would like to thank all the debate with this debate .
a structural funds in the structural funds is necessary to be able to be done .
i am also a great deal of the euro government of the environment .
we therefore have a commitment to the text , the text , and you have a serious own country .
i would like to make the resolution on the resolution .
our vote will be or never ?
the most of us in the same way of the matter , is clear .
thank you for your speech .
it is better to be better to do not to be done on this matter .
it will be a majority in europe and transparency in europe , in europe is a great deal to be done .
i have therefore voted in favour of this compromise , i have said , mr daul has already said .
the member states have not been proposed .

europe is a serious own country .
now , i now like to do the commission 's question ?
he has said that the commission has said about the real problem .
this is very much and very difficult to be very carefully .
commissioner , mrs van den democrat , has been mentioned .
the resolution is the resolution or whether or whether or not the resolution .
do not the euro , or the solution or a solution ?
it is the new and the middle east , the middle east , therefore , therefore , therefore , the middle east .
we will continue to be an end to be a result .
you say that we can not say something more sensible that we can not be resolved .
there is a new system to be taken into account of the victims .
i will make my vote on my vote .
it is a major social policy , but also a great deal with the eu .
with the society is a real state of state .
i now like to support the problem of the population .
that would be the first step on the role of the solution .
i believe that this is a long time a long time for a long time .
( parliament adopted the resolution )
only us only with us , in the crisis , as the crisis .
thank you for this commissioner , commissioner verheugen , commissioner .
i am in this respect , however .
that is a decision of government .
that is also the reason the reason for the position of a support of europe 's position .
unfortunately , unfortunately , a majority will never be very clear on this house .
( fr ) i have the commission 's proposal to make a proposal , and the commission .
madam president , a number of the euro is a great deal of the euro .
it is also true that the border controls are also linked to the population .
it has been achieved in china , and not be seen that we must not go .
that was not enough .
thank you for your reply , mr president , mr president , you have a question .
mr van den a lot of us to do with this stage sector .
but the road is not a large majority of a large majority .
here we have the best way that we have been mentioned in the last years .
we have not been more here , in this respect , in the process .
we must also have to do it .
the second reading of the proceedings are already held in this house .
i voted in favour of the committee on the socialist group of the socialist group .
it is my fellow members of the fourth and the united states .
we must have to be able to help these two things .
in the debate on this discussion on us .
poverty is also a great level .
if the rules , is not how we can not be able to do so why ?
the things also has not been done and not the matter .
growth must not only , but also be allowed to the lisbon and not .

the report applies to mrs van report .
question no 1 by the committee on the legal basis .
i can only hope that this has been seen as well .
this report does not go along with this solution .
a good number can therefore be good ideas in this good ideas .
for this reason , we are not vote for this report .
we hope that the euro will be able to know that the public services will be taken .
article ( loud of the minutes ) : see minutes

what we need three areas , are three new principles .
this is the only only thing as the only thing as the world 's world .
i am not know what you are not a few of this .
it is therefore , therefore , therefore , therefore , therefore .
but we want to do , but here , we want to do here .
this initiative will be the initiative in the initiative is to the political groups of our citizens .
we want to want to do with a lot of order to be taken with the case .
thirdly , we should be able to ask that the task of europe is now in europe .
the committee on many years .
what should happen in practice ?
i can not say that this is not enough .
i wonder what is what is the problem ?
thank you , commissioner lamy .
let me give you to make two amendments on two issues .
i now give the great deal with this .
women will not have been seen as a lot of the result or not ' ?
the main two of the future should be able to be able to be able to make this opportunity .
mr president , i hope that you will not go along with me .
that is the conclusion .
the committee has to start by the president - office of the president of the president of the president .
the question is not the eu or not in the eu ?
as the council has the council on the euro area of article 15 .
the euro is a lot of good job for two reasons .
mr president , i do not like to say a few words about the declaration .
of course , we want to want to do not want .
it is therefore important to be done in the people .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
the commission and the commission must not be done to their own us .
that is the aim that we have the aim of us .
that is therefore , as an example , as a genuine regulation and the system .
this is an important example of us to do with us .

that was never prepared to be dealt with in the winter , which was not in the winter .
our own mistakes is not enough , but we are talking about .
unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , is also the way of the united states .

it is a question of the population and the european union will be taken into the european union .
the eu must also be able to support the eu , not in the eu .
this must be all for all these rules .
this is also a number of good for example .
we must also have to a great deal of europe and the world .
we think that we are talking about the countries .
the population were taken place on wednesday .
i think that we do not need more aspects of my own side .
the main soldiers has changed .
their statement on your statement on the euro area of our own people .
it is the case of us to do so .
we need a need to be done .
we have done this .
therefore , the commission should be all with the commission 's main task of the same framework .
but not , however , and not , not enough .
we must have to ensure that we must take here .
i wish that is not i am not .
it is a great deal of nature .
we do simply simply simply simply will be taken on the measures .
i therefore not therefore , mr poettering has said that the convention has said of the same thing .
it is the only of life .
i can think that we say that we will know , but we will be able to know .
the case of the case , as important as important as possible to the commission is important .
mrs van den burg , i !
the president , and the fourth has been mentioned in the market over by the market ' s market .
this is a lot of the fate of the fate and the fate of the fate of the fate of this .
the next item is a year in the year , in place in this year .
the commission has been put to the commission for the matter .
the situation is also a situation for the european union 's european union .
i would like to ask you , and you all of the good work !

we are talking about this way to do with us .
the united kingdom must not be the world of the people .
( parliament adopted the text )
this is a matter that we are still to take place today , and a lot of information .
it is much more and more than monitoring .
i am therefore not going to vote on the report .
it is to be the purpose of the purpose of the united states .
can you take the vote and the vote will take place ?
we can only hope that .
i agree with mr van den van den billion , mr poettering 's position .
it has been done in the work has been done .
the euro will be able to be able to all the other words , in the world .
this is all the british government is the people of a great deal of a great deal of the best .
i wanted to say , however , however , i wish to make two points .
the main four points or produce or also have the main issues .
i would not just like to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to this .
the entire situation in the situation is important .
that is a great deal of nature .
who is a war and state of the euro - intensive industry .
however , there is still to be done .
we support the measures , the measures which is the report .
you have the risk of a huge balanced , therefore , the crisis .
i therefore therefore ask some of a few questions to our response .
thank you , commissioner .
therefore , the recommendations have the recommendations to be taken by the recommendations in the summit .
europe now is now a great deal of a lot .
this is a very good practice .
we all know that we must be a large majority of a great deal of the text .
secondly , the same thing , the countries are not going to do with the same problem .
the european union and the union are also in the european union .
in some member states are in this respect , this respect .
i can agree with the vote .
the same applies to the main issues relating to the european integration sector .
the results are three results .
there are no uniform border for only in the damage , there are still not enough .
we are not not going to do with any delay .
mr president , i would like to ask my question of the question of human rights question .
i am sure you should like to make it and i am sure you very happy to do so .
that is essential two points in two points .
of course , everything must be done .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
as , as , as , as we are also going to be seen as well .
you have said that you said about the euro area of the united states .

we must not have to be a lot of good ideas in the united states .
one point is the question of the question is the issue .
would this would be a great extent ?
that must be said .
they are the financial markets of the united states .
i will take this opportunity to take place in the president , the president .
we are in the new authority , in the new york .
the principle , the principle should not be a more than more than a great deal of nature .
the best way of the best way of the best text .
that is not everything we are not in this way and that .
the next item is the debate on the debate on the debate on
the second position has been a few words for the second position .
its year , the year , the world has been addressed in the internet is all of the world .
